About Us: Leaders in Global Energy Technology

We play a crucial role in the transmission and distribution of electric energy: 50% of the world's electricity is regulated using our products. Founded in 1868, we remain majority family-owned, now in the sixth generation. Currently, around 4,800 employees work at our location in Regensburg and across 41 subsidiaries in 28 countries.

We assist our global customers—energy producers, public and industrial grid operators, and transformer manufacturers—by providing intelligent systems for load flow and voltage quality regulation, ensuring a secure, economical, and resilient electricity supply. Our high-quality products include tap changers and switches, paired with innovative sensors, automation technology, and analytics. We are also increasingly focusing on digital solutions.

Our Company Culture

We have always been and continue to be a stabilizer in volatile times—for both our customers and employees. We don't settle for mediocrity. Our priority isn't profits, but rather safety and the people who make us who we are—a family business. For this, we need employees and leaders today and in the future who are willing to think outside the box.

The pride of our employees in being part of our group is palpable throughout the company. They value the trustworthy collaboration, the familial work atmosphere, the high degree of freedom in their work, and the openness to new topics. Whether as innovators, customer understanders, solution finders, or facilitators—every employee approaches their tasks and goals with energy and passion.

Our Recipe for Success: Team spirit, exciting projects, and a lot of motivation.

Whether a software developer, system software architect, business developer, sales engineer, development engineer, administrative assistant, production worker, or service technician, whether apprentices, students, or professionals, our employees come from various fields. But they all share the commitment and motivation to advance projects across borders, locations, and departments.

It's this unique sense of belonging that customers, partners, and new team members feel when they engage with us. What contributes to this? The trustful and warm interactions. The exciting tasks. The inspiring work environment. The diverse learning and development opportunities. Sound convincing? We look forward to meeting you!